docs(cypress): create how-to-add-cypress-tests doc (#40262)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-open-a-pull-request.md

5. Indicate if you have tested on a local copy of the site or not.

   - This is very important when making changes that are not just edits to text content like documentation or a challenge description. Examples of changes that need local testing include JavaScript, CSS, or HTML which could change the functionality or layout of a page.

>    - These changes should be accompanied by corresponding [Cypress integration tests](/how-to-add-cypress-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If your PR affects the behaviour of a page it should be accompanied by corresponding [Cypress integration tests](/how-to-add-cypress-tests).
```
We don't (yet) test for changes in style, so it's probably better to leave this a little more relaxed.
